MALE NARRATOR: Previously
on "Hell's Kitchen"...
Whoo!
(applause)
NARRATOR:
When the United States Marins
marched into Hell's Kitchen...
Huah!
KANAE: What an honor to cook for
all of these men and women.
NARRATOR: Both the veterans
and the talented rookies
were determined...
This kind of means
a real lot to me.
I was in the Navy.
NARRATOR: To have their kitchen
feed their Marines first.
My brother's a Marine,
so let's kick ass for him.
NARRATOR:
Gizzy made a careless mistake...
The water's not even
[bleep] boiling.
NARRATOR: That required
some basic training.
Our water needs to be boiling
for the pasta.
NARRATOR: But the Red Team
managed to rally back.
Red Team, keep it up.
ALL: Yes, Chef!
NARRATOR: In the blue kitchen...
‐Who dressed this?
‐Sorry, Chef.
There's four ingredients
in the salad.
What the hell is wrong with you?
NARRATOR: A number of veteras
were forced into triage mode
at Jen's salad station.
Make them please
look a lot nicer.
How about you worry about your
French fries and leave me alone.
NARRATOR: And that had
a damaging effect...
‐How long on fries?
‐I just walked over here.
Fries, Heather.
It's just fries.
NARRATOR: That resulted
in a Blue Team loss...
Congratulations. Well done.
NARRATOR: And a rookie
celebration.
You ever heard
the Marine policy‐‐
"no man left behind"?
ALL: Yes, Chef.
You left your [bleep]
brains behind.
NARRATOR: At dinner service...
I honestly don't know what
the [bleep] has happened.
WOMAN: Oh, no.
NARRATOR: Gizzy struggled again.
Look how dry that is.
It's like my soul that he's
just, like, tearing apart.
NARRATOR: Until Jose
bailed her out.
Six minutes to the window, Chef.
NARRATOR: While in
the veterans' kitchen,
Jen went from bad...
Young lady.
What am I doing wrong now, Chef?
Don't [bleep] talk
to me like that.
NARRATOR: To worse.
You tryin' to clown me
up in here right now, Chef.
GORDON: Don't you
say that to me.
‐Don't you dare.
‐I didn't‐‐
Don't you dare!
NARRATOR: To right out
of the competition.
You tryin' to sabotage me
right now.
‐Really, where? Where?
‐You set me up!
‐Get out!
‐For nothing!
Get out! You haven't got it,
and you know that!
NARRATOR: With Jen gone,
Chef Ramsay gave the rest
of the chefs a break.
Nobody is leaving this
competition tonight.
(whispering) Yes!
NARRATOR: Keeping them
all in the hunt
to become the executive chef
at Gordon Ramsay's
Hell's Kitchen restaurant
at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas.
And now, the continuation
of "Hell's Kitchen:
Veterans Versus Rookies."
‐Are you kidding me?!
‐The [bleep] is wrong with you?
‐ That's Loony Tunes.
What?
That is Loony Tunes
at its finest, bro.
Jen had the opportunity
that people would kill for,
to come back a second time,
and she spits on Chef Ramsays
face like that?
What the [bleep]
are you thinking?
I know [bleep] that'll
slit my throat to be
where I am right here.
Yup.
Pfff.
I was‐‐I was telling
Scotley earlier, though,
you can't even go and see
the old room sometimes.
[inaudible] Knocking earlier
like, "Can I come in?"
I know!
(laughter)
Yeah, dude, 'cause all
the [bleep] ladies...
[bleep]
"Can I move into
the boys' room?"
‐A lot of sexy ladies.
‐For real.
Young Mia, dude.
Obviously, we all know Mia
has a [bleep] big‐ass booty.
Dude, if she wasn't
so aggressive,
I'd be like...
[laughter]
Chill out here.
Having fun yet?
Well, I'm not gonna
go that far.
Like, it just feels like work.
Yeah.
We came here to cook in front of
one of the best chefs
in the world.
Yeah. I'd rather just,
like, shut my mouth,
do the best I can do,
which is what I usually do.
Nice.
You might've saw some
black jackets
sitting there on the couch
while you saw some
elimination people
sitting out there by
the hot tub tonight.
You're underestimated
a little bit.
I'd rather be underestimated.
So do I, 'cause then everybody's
pleasantly surprised
when you succeed.
‐Or unpleasantly surprised.
‐Yeah, that's true.
‐Yeah.
BOTH: Bring it on.
♪ ♪
(dramatic music)
CHRISTINA: Good morning, guy.
ALL: Morning, Chef.
Chef Ramsay has asked us to
deliver these jackets to you.
‐Oh, no.
‐Please put them on.
CHRISTINA: Here you go.
KEVIN: Yo, I hope we get
to keep these.
We see jackets, we're in
90‐degree LA,
I have no idea what's
gonna happen right now.
I'm a little confused.
Dirty...
♪ ♪
HEATHER: Whoa, Chef.
Line up, please.
‐Oh, it is snow.
‐Let's go.
Careful.
There we are. (shivers)
Good morning.
ALL: Morning, Chef.
Hell has frozen over.
(laughter)
We're gonna have a bit
of a competition.
Oh, no.
For the first time ever
in Hell's Kitchen,
you'll be competing in
the Hell's Kitchen sled race.
(laughter)
It's gonna be a relay,
so there'll be two people
in the sleigh.
Gonna be one person pushing it.
The winning team will earn an
advantage in today's challenge.
‐Let's go.
WOMAN: My God.
Any of these physical,
racey‐type deals,
I get a little nervous.
Let's just hope the old folks
don't need any walkers
after this.
GORDON: One...
‐Here we go.
Two... three. Go!
Push it, push it, push it!
‐(screaming)
‐Oh, no!
No! Come on, Trev! Get up,
get up, get up, get up!
GORDON: Let's go!
Heather and I were
the first ones to go,
and we just, pfff, got speed.
If there's nothing else today,
well, at least we get to do
a little bit of sledding.
‐Blue's up.
‐Come on, Blue.
GORDON: (indistinct) Go!
Go, T!
T: Never went sledding before.
Who thought that I'd be sliding
down a slope today?
(shouting) Cowbell, baby!
Come on, Blue!
(overlapping shouting)
‐Jump on.
‐(laughing)
(shrieks)
Go!
(laughter)
I'm, like, pissed off right now.
I don't know what happened.
Go! Go, Kanae, run!
(laughing) She ate that snow.
Come on, come on, come on!
ALL: Go, go!
Go!
(dramatic music)
Whoo!
MIA: [bleep] Is this
really happening?
Rookies, you know,
we're all younger.
We're all more fit,
so it's a little embarrassing.
Wow, Blue Team, great job.
You have a big advantage.
The dish you're about to make...
is the perfect treat
on a cold winter day.
For today's challenge,
I'm looking for each of you
to make an incredible,
mind‐blowing
bowl of soup.
And you'll be making your soups
right over there.
♪ ♪
SCOTLEY: When I heard
that we're making soups,
it just brought me back
to my lead line cook days.
They called me the Soup Man.
If you can make a good soup,
you can be a great chef.
Now, all‐stars Blue Team,
you have a ten‐second
head start
to grab everything you need
to create a stunning soup.
And you have 45 minutes.
‐Are you ready?
ALL: Yes, Chef.
Go Blue Team.
Noodles.
Get the noodles.
I'm extremely irritated
with that ten‐second lead.
They're gonna snatch all
of the good ingredients.
Two, one‐‐Red Team, go!
Let's go.
(suspenseful music)
♪ ♪
Behind, behind.
‐You're popping.
‐Yeah?
♪ ♪
‐No, soy is so salty.
‐Okay.
And then you can't
really control it.
I'm gonna do
a Vietnamese‐inspired pho.
It's very ambitious to do a good
pho stock in 45 minutes.
That needs so much love.
The soup I'm doing is a spicy
butternut squash soup.
I've made this soup many times,
and [bleep] sells out
like hotcakes.
CHRISTINA: Tell me
how this is working.
I'm just putting it as
a garnish, Chef, on top.
Okay.
BRET: A pancetta is popping.
What are you going for?
Pasta braciole with pancetta
and some herbs.
Pasta braciole.
Three minutes.
What am I missing?
Smells so [bleep] good.
GORDON: 90 seconds.
WOMAN: Come on, guys,
push it.
GORDON: Five, four, three...
‐ Coming up, coming up hot.
‐Two, one.
Hands up.
Well done, guys.
WOMAN: Thanks, Chef.
Great job.
I brought in two incredible
guest judges.
She is one of the top chefs
in the country
and has been awarded
two James Beard awards.
Please welcome Traci Des Jardin.
(applause)
Hey!
KEVIN: Chef.
Chef Des Jardins, I mean,
she's a rock star.
Welcome.
She's been honored several
times at James Beard House.
She knows what she's doing.
You have a great vegetable
winter soup at Jardinière.
‐ Yes.
‐Give us a little insight..
the magic of that dish.
You always want the balance.
You want a little bit
of acid, salt,
little bit of texture on there.
That's the ideal soup.
I can't agree more.
Right, our second judge.
He's a two‐time figure skating
world champion
and an Olympic gold medalist:
Brian Boitano.
‐Yay!
(applause)
What would Brian Boitano do?
WOMAN:
I know what Brian Boitano's
gonna do:
give me a perfect score.
This amazing skater
has written
an incredible cookbook.
Thank you, uh...
BOTH: "What Would
Brian Boitano Make?"
Yeah. You got it.
Jinx.
Blue Team‐‐first up, Trevor.
NARRATOR: For the first‐ever
soup challenge
in "Hell's Kitchen" history,
each of the judges will
be scoring the dishes
from one to three stars.
Please be careful.
NARRATOR: The team with
the most stars
wins the challenge.
Uh, today I did a carrot
and coconut soup
with a Cajun curry shrimp.
‐Uh, flavor‐wise‐‐
‐Yeah, it's very nice.
Beautiful texture.
I don't really get
the herb in there.
Um, the coconut's
kind of dominant.
Other than that, the soup
tastes delicious.
Yeah.
I love the contrast
of the crunchiness
with the creaminess of the soup.
GORDON: Judges?
Excellent.
Six points for Blue Team.
‐[indistinct] Thank you.
‐Thank you.
It's rough being
the first one judged
because the judges always
hold back a little bit.
I've never seen anybody
get a perfect score
right out of the gate.
Heather, please describe
your soup.
In front of you,
you have a andouille
and lots of corn chowder.
When you combine andouille
and lobster and corn,
it's like, where can
you go wrong?
I like the spiciness.
It's got a good kick.
Thank you, Chef.
ROE: Wow.
KEVIN: Nice!
Thank you.
GORDON: Right, next up...
Ariel.
NARRATOR: Up next, Ariel's
fried chicken miso ramen...
GORDON: Love the flavor.
‐Great textures.
Yeah.
I like the perfume
of the seaweed.
I think it's really lovely.
I love the color of the broth,
and I really like
the funkiness.
Got that depth
of authenticity there.
NARRATOR: Gives the Blue Team
another seven points.
And T's Appalachia‐inspired
soup...
A celery veloute
and a little bit
of spicy pickled shrimp.
Love the flavors,
the textures.
BRIAN: Visually it's beautiful,
and the chicken skin
is really amazing.
GORDON:
It's absolutely delicious.
NARRATOR: Garners
a near‐perfect score.
Good job, T.
(applause)
NARRATOR: Next up...
Kevin, you and Brian
have the same barber.
‐I know. (laughing)
‐Yes, we do, Chef.
NARRATOR: Kevin's classic
New England clam chowder...
Delicious.
The textures are lovely.
I was hoping for one
little errant clam
that I could eat with the soup,
but it's good.
Wow.
NARRATOR:
Delivers a solid score.
Next, Roe hopes to wow
the judges with her...
Vietnamese‐style pho.
ARIEL: We have yet to win
a challenge.
So today would be a great day
to get out of the kitchen,
not have to prep for service,
and get a reward.
I'm missing a little bit
of salt.
It needs more body for me.
TRACI: I'm missing the acid.
Just a squeeze of lime
at the end
just to give it that balance.
If they had a zero,
they probably would've
held that [bleep] up.
NARRATOR: Last up for
the veterans is Brad,
who's hoping a big score
on his soup
will make it more difficult
for the rookies
to surpass his team's total.
Today I prepared
a tomato basil soup
with crispy pancetta and orzo
with a roasted garlic
crostini, Chef.
What kind of tomatoes
did you use?
Uh, canned pilato
di pomodoro.
[bleep]
Wow.
(suspenseful music)
[bleep]
(dramatic music)
NARRATOR: In today's
soup challenge,
Bret is the last
"Hell's Kitchen" veteran
to present, and has just served
his tomato and basil soup
with pancetta.
TRACI: What kind of tomatoes
did you use?
Uh, canned pilato
de pomodoro.
[bleep]
Wow.
You used canned tomatoes?
You're an Italian!
Were they salted
before you started?
Um, I cooked them down
with salt, Chef.
Mm‐hmm.
Is it tomato puree in there?
Um, a little bit of paste, Chef.
Paste, yeah. [bleep]
I find it a little salty.
And I don't taste enough
of the pancetta.
♪ ♪
[bleep]
‐All right, Bret.
‐Okay, Bret.
TREV: It's all right, guys.
All right, Bret.
GORDON: Blue Team, you came
out of the gate strong there.
And then it pitted off.
Okay, Mia, let's go, please.
Okay, Chef.
NARRATOR: 41 is the score
to beat,
and up first for the rookies
is Mia, with her...
Brown butter and butternut
squash soup
with some crispy
Brussels sprouts.
‐Very, very nice.
‐Thank you, Chef.
The marriage, yeah, of Brussels
sprouts scream winter.
Croutons fried in
brown butter, and‐‐
It's amazing.
I want to get to the end,
and I want more.
WOMAN: Yes!
MAN: Awesome.
‐Thank you, Chef.
‐Awesome job.
I just want to rub it in
the Blue Team's face like, nope.
Like, in your face! Like...
Like, arrrgh!
(giggles)
NARRATOR: After Mia's
perfect score,
Motto is hoping
to wow the judges
with his Southern‐spiced
sweet potato soup.
Trying not to only
warm your bellies,
but warm y'all's souls.
The flavors are fantastic.
I'm just not getting
any of that acid.
BRIAN: The base is really
complex, which is nice.
You keep discovering things
every bite that you take.
(applause)
Thank you.
Yeah.
NARRATOR: Next...
BRIAN: Delicious.
Gizzy, is this
pickled fennel?
It's quick pickled fennel, yeah.
‐It's amazing.
‐Nice touch.
NARRATOR: Gizzy blows
the judges away
with her celery and fennel soup,
earning another perfect score
for the Red Team.
‐Thank you, guys.
‐Chris, let's go.
Uh‐oh, they're doing
pretty darn good right now.
Chef, what I have here is
a spicy butternut squash soup
with fried tomatoes
and fried jalapeno,
then tossed in brown sugar.
Wow. Brian, how's that for you?
When you first served it, I felt
it looked like melted cheese.
(tense music)
Can't imagine getting to
the bottom of this‐‐this bowl.
♪ ♪
Yes, Chef, thank you.
Thank God somebody
sucks on that team.
Jose, let's go, please.
NARRATOR: Jose is up next
with his soy miso soup
and vegetables.
I like the intensity.
I like the funkiness of it.
Easy to eat.
Everything fits on your spoon.
Uh, got great textures in there.
Really lovely.
♪ ♪
(applause)
Thank you.
Up next, Scott.
We need the Red Team
to stumble twice.
We might have a chance,
if they stumble twice.
They have to.
I have saffron, potato, leek,
with some crispy
Brussels sprouts,
butter‐poached lobster
knuckle and tail.
♪ ♪
Love the texture.
A nice little, uh,
airiness to it.
It's a beautiful marriage with
the texture of the soup.
Whoo!
(applause)
‐Yes!
SCOTLEY: Hell yeah.
MOTTA: Booya! It's done!
We got this.
It's over.
GORDON: Good job.
Rookies, you have beaten
the all‐stars.
And you've still got
one soup to taste.
KEVIN: Big blow.
That was a big body blow
right there.
GORDON: Kanae.
The texture of the roasted
mushrooms is fantastic.
Thank you.
(cheers and applause)
NARRATOR: Kanae's dish receives
the third perfect score
for the rookies
as they dominate the veteran.
Yeah!
I put my scarf on backwards.
Like, I was thinking of Tupac,
like thug life.
I'm about to kill
these [bleep].
GORDON: Some great soups today.
TRACI: Yeah, fantastic.
GORDON: Honestly.
I want all of you to thank
these two incredible judges
for giving up their day
to be here.
‐Thank you.
‐Thank you so much.
(applause)
Red Team. (chuckles)
You're off for a luxurious day
and night...
What?
Of pampering...
‐That's right.
‐Yes! Yes!
MAN: Wow.
At L'Horizon Resort & Spa
in Palm Springs.
Ohhh!
Now, say goodbye
to the Blue Team.
Bye, Blue Team.
‐Go wild, and have some fun.
‐Thank you, Chef.
Thank you, Chef!
Victory is golden, man.
I'm filled with diamonds
right now.
‐This is the best one so far.
‐Yes!
‐I'm so excited.
‐We took their heart.
We took their heart!
And we took their soul!
Blue Team, as Red Team
are sunning themselves
in Palm Springs at that
incredible resort,
you'll be here in Hell's Kitchen
shoveling up
and transporting all this snow.
30 tons of snow at least to go.
‐Yes, Chef.
‐Head to the patio.
Jocky will call you
when we're ready to start
shoveling this snow.
Man!
BRET: I'm disgusted with myself.
I let myself down,
my team down.
Yo, on my behalf, sorry, y'all.
I let y'all down big time.
[groans] I'm sorry.
Here we go.
‐Sorry, y'all.
‐Sorry, guys.
‐Just don't. Don't.
‐[bleep]
BRET: Sorry.
‐What the [bleep].
MOE: Shake it off.
We can't dwell.
You don't know me, Roe.
Like, as much as Chef Ramsay
criticizes me,
he'll never criticize me
like I criticize me,
you know what I'm saying?
Ugh.
Your team knows you [bleep] up.
You don't need to keep
bringing it up.
Disgusted right now with myself.
I need a break.
[bleep] With raw passion
comes raw emotion, homey.
And I'm an emotional [bleep].
Oh, well.
Suck it up, buttercup.
(upbeat music)
Palm Springs, here we are!
Woop, woop!
‐Let's go, big day.
‐Yeah.
‐Let's go.
‐Yeah!
Oh, my... [bleep] God.
SCOTLEY: This is crazy.
‐Wow.
‐I'm so ready for this.
Yes.
Chef Ramsay, he hooked us up.
(cork pops)
Yay.
He know how to live life.
Yeah!
Argh!
JOSE: Look at this outfit
she got on.
(laughter)
Holy [bleep].
Whoo!
My husband would kill me
if I didn't have a cover‐up.
I wonder what the Blue Team
is doing right now.
I think they're
probably crying.
‐We're a good team.
SCOTLEY: Hell yeah.
When I'm up in heaven,
I'ma be like, "Oh, man,
remember when I was in
[bleep] Palm Springs, Jesus?"
Ah, that was some good [bleep].
SCOTLEY: Cheers to the Red Team.
(overlapping chatter)
NARRATOR: While the Red Team
is whooping it up
in steamy Palm Springs,
the veteran Blue Team
is scooping it up
back at icy Hell's Kitchen.
I know! Let's go back
on "Hell's Kitchen"!
TREV: (laughs) At the time,
it sounded like a great idea.
We got 30 tons.
You know how much a ton is?
That's a car.
Hey, you got some big‐ass chunks
you don't feel like shoveling...
give them to me. I'll just throw
the [bleep] over there.
While I'm waiting
for a wheelbarrow,
might as well.
HEATHER: Bret is a rollercoaster
of emotions,
and I don't want to be
on this ride.
Here we go.
Look at the [indistinct].
It's definitely a date night
type restaurant.
I haven't been on a date
in a while,
so I'm super happy
to be here right now.
(laughs)
What is that, the seabass?
MAN: Seabass.
The food at SO.PA
is unbelievable.
Thank you.
This is one hell of a reward.
He's not bringing us here
just to eat.
It's really to, like...
‐To learn something.
‐You know, enjoy the day.
But to learn something.
We got the momentum.
We win the next one,
they're gonna have to call us
the all‐stars.
(laughter)
Red Team!
SCOTLEY: Huah!
(laughs)
Excuse me, guys, can we
get one more toast?
(glasses clink)
(light dramatic music)
NARRATOR: With their long day
on snow duty behind them...
The beef prep.
TREV: I'm gonna do
the poached eggs.
NARRATOR: The veterans
are up early
prepping both kitchens
for tonight's dinner service.
Man, I'm just living
in Egg Land today.
‐How we doing?
‐The test batch is fine.
These are gonna be too hard,
because by the time
you reheat that,
that's gonna overcook.
Okay, so that batch goes out.
Start over again.
Okay, fine.
What happened?
Oh, they're just
not good enough.
No, it's not
extremely difficult.
I don't want anybody thinking
that I don't know how
to poach eggs, okay?
I do.
JOCKY: How's the eggs?
About to find out.
Trev is the eggman.
What does that make you,
the walrus?
Nope, I'm just Jocky.
Last four here.
See, some of these are [bleep].
That's overcooked.
You want it to be like this.
‐See that?
‐I see it.
I think he went through
white eggs, brown eggs,
white eggs again...
It's poaching eggs!
Trev, use your teammates
as well.
They're around you to check
for your eggs.
Because I don't want to go
through this again.
I'm done with salmon.
Would you like
to come over and...
Oh, I don't‐‐let's‐‐
let's get everybody
on poached eggs with me
so I just look like
the biggest idiot
in the [bleep] world.
Lighten up.
You'll be all right.
(tense music)
♪ ♪
It's getting old.
[bleep]
WOMAN: Trevor!
NARRATOR: With the rookies
yet to return
from their reward,
the veterans are busy
prepping both kitchens.
Some of these are [bleep].
Those eggs aren't good.
NARRATOR: And Trevor
has failed repeatedly
to please Chef Jocky
with his poached eggs.
[bleep] [bleep]
Son of a bitch.
It's getting old. [bleep]
WOMAN: Trevor!
This Chef Jocky... ugh.
Where's your eggs?
Show me your eggs.
Still getting the tail done.
‐Yeah, that's‐‐
‐I normally do that.
‐It's nicer, yeah.
‐Okay, that's‐‐
It's much better than
you had before.
‐Okay.
‐Beautiful.
All right.
You are the eggman, aren't you?
I can do things.
Go [bleep] your eggs.
NARRATOR: With the Red Team
back from Palm Springs...
‐Hi, Chef.
GORDON: How's it going?
NARRATOR: Chef Ramsay
is making sure everyone
is set up for success
before he opens Hell's Kitchen.
Do you have 'em cranked up?
I have it to 4‐‐
uh, 460, Chef.
Good.
Literally six minutes.
Six minutes.
Yes, Chef.
Out, flip, and kiss.
Everybody knows how to cook
in here, right?
We just all got to learn
how to talk.
Let's do it.
It's not rocket science, kids.
‐Marino.
‐ Si, Chef.
Open "Hell's Kitchen," please.
Let's go.
Subito.
(exciting music)
♪ ♪
NARRATOR: Whether they've
come for the food
or the star‐gazing,
the restaurant is filled
with excited guests.
Cheers!
NARRATOR: On top of Chef
Ramsay's classic menu.
Pan‐seared scallops
to start with.
Sexy right on top, Marino.
‐Sexy right on top.
‐Perfect.
NARRATOR: They may also enjoy
a gourmet clam chowder
which will be prepared
tableside
by Gizzy for the Red Team
and Bret for the Blue Team.
It's a little hot in here.
Oh, no, it's amazing.
Go Blue Team.
NARRATOR: And with comedians
Cheryl Hines
and Rachael Harris...
Smells so good already.
NARRATOR: And Academy Award
nominee Morgan Spurlock
dining in each kitchen,
there will be extra pressure
on both teams tonight.
‐Let's go, Red Team.
‐Let's go. Here we go, guys.
‐Air paw.
‐Let's go.
On order, two twos, one special
chowder tableside.
‐How long?
‐Seven minutes.
One carbonara, on.
‐Two flatbread, roll.
ALL: Yes, Chef!
Let's go.
Do that one; start working two
more doughs for flatbread.
Yes, ma'am.
MIA: The Red Team is feeling
really good right now.
Watch it, though.
We're making the all‐stars
look like amateurs,
and I just want us to keep
the momentum going.
Can you set this in there?
I have a sheet pan.
It's in there.
SCOTLEY:
I'm just putting it right here.
‐Okay.
‐I don't know where's it at.
‐You're not telling me.
‐It's right here, look.
‐It's right here.
‐Fish and meat.
Well, I can't see it.
I'm tall as [bleep].
Mia is somebody who's
hard to deal with.
It's just always something.
The littlest things.
Not a big deal, man.
Come on.
It's not a big deal,
but you're standing there
not doing anything.
Stop.
Scotley is used to people
standing down to him.
And I know I'm a foot
and a half shorter than he i,
but I'm not just
gonna let him tell me,
you know, how to run my station.
‐Just say it.
‐I have everything I need.
‐Okay.
‐He's standing there.
I'm asking him to put it away.
He's yelling at me.
‐No, I'm not.
‐Stop yelling. Squash it now.
Hey!
Don't do this dumb [bleep].
NARRATOR: With temperatures
rising in the red kitchen,
the first ticket of the night
has just arrived
in the blue kitchen.
Okay, here we go.
Four couples table 22
want special chowder tableside.
‐Two scallops, one tartare.
ALL: Yes, Chef!
‐Scallops are going in the pan.
‐Heard.
ARIEL: Everyone's biggest fer
on the fish station
is definitely the scallops.
But my scallops are
gonna be perfect tonight.
Scallops in the pass.
‐Heard.
‐Yes.
Scallops, please.
Let's go.
Anyone?
Good, let's good.
(tense music)
Good. Wow.
First table out, not a glitch.
Not even a hit anywhere.
Decisiveness, rhythm, yes?
ALL: Yes, Chef!
‐Let's go.
(angelic chorus)
So awesome.
NARRATOR: With the veterans
shining bright on appetizers,
over in the Red Kitchen,
the rookies are hoping
to get in a groove.
On order, four couples,
table 50,
two flatbreads,
one octopus, one special
chowder tableside.
ALL: Yes, Chef.
[indistinct] Let's go.
I'm working two flatbread here.
They're working so fast.
Where you need me, guys?
Come and look at this.
Why aren't you tableside,
young lady?
‐I'm helping...
‐[bleep] hell.
Gizzy's here doing
Mia's flatbreads.
Did you ask her to stay in here?
No, Chef.
I didn't ask for her help,
but she offered,
so if you're busy,
dude, go away.
I got this.
Mia, tableside is what?
Table.
Why are you doing the flatbread?
I have you tableside.
Scotley and Mia should
have been like,
"Hey, what are you doing here?
I think you have a tableside.
And you weren't even here
to [bleep] hear it.
And you're in there
doing flatbread.
I got you.
I mean, it sucks.
Hi, ladies, how are you doing?
‐How are you?
‐Very good.
NARRATOR: As Gizzy shows up
fashionably late to her table,
over on the blue side...
Took a break from the business
in my early 20s,
then immediately
went back in it.
Out here at Hell's Kitchen,
you don't have too many
interactions with
everyday people.
Sometimes I wonder
why I come back,
and then I realize, to win
"Hell's Kitchen," right?
Just schmoozing,
as my father would say.
Most definitely.
We're still waiting
on that special order.
Yeah, but that ticket's
going first, right?
Yeah, I know, but he's
taking too long.
‐Bret! Speed up!
‐Yes, Chef,
You're backing up your
kitchen now‐‐speed up!
Yes, Chef. Yes, Chef!
He wants us to chat
with the customers
and yabba‐dabba‐doo
and greet them,
and then it's shut
the [bleep] up and cook.
Boy, I tell you, the stress
that goes into this‐‐
(whistles)
NARRATOR: While Bret
stalls the Blue Kitchen,
over in the red kitchen...
GORDON: Hurry up. Let's go.
NARRATOR: The rookies
have kicked it into gear
on appetizers.
Mmm. So good.
NARRATOR: And are ready
to move on to entrees.
‐Where do you need me, guys?
‐Two minutes, I got‐‐
On order,
chef table five, VIP.
Entrée with beef, one pork.
ALL: Yes, Chef!
Is the pork in the oven?
Pork's on the grill.
Why has the pork just gone on?
You don't have another pork?
(groans)
Oh, [bleep]. Stop.
Oh, [bleep] hell.
What in the [bleep]‐‐
out of the way.
Hey, Red Team, come here.
Who put this in the oven?
What the hell is that?
Who did it?!
NARRATOR: On a night
with celebrities
sitting at the chef's tables...
Who put this in the oven?
NARRATOR: Chef Ramsay has
made a shocking discovery...
Who did it?!
NARRATOR: That has him
angry and embarrassed.
Seems like they're a little
stressed out right now.
(laughing)
I don't understand how you
could be cooking fish
in that oven all night long.
The first thing I noticed
when I opened the oven
is the [bleep] pan
of pork chops.
18 seasons, I've never
seen a pig
so [bleep] as that.
CHRIS:
[bleep] I hate this pork dis.
It's stupid; they should be
on the [bleep] meats.
They should not be on
the fish station.
[bleep] off, will you?
Yeah?
Well, who the [bleep]
put the pork chop in my oven?
‐Literally six minutes.
‐Six minutes, yes, Chef.
Out, flip, and kiss.
[bleep] how the [bleep]
could I miss that?
(dramatic music)
Okay, here we go. Entrée.
Two halibut,
two New York strip.
ALL: Yes, Chef!
GORDON: Here we go.
‐Two strip, two strip.
KEVIN: I'm kind of getting
annoyed that we keep losing.
There's a couple of us
that are consistently
doing what we're supposed to do,
and there's a couple that waver
between they're good
or they're not.
Can you at least season these
for me if you‐‐
TREV: Yeah, yeah, no, I know.
Hey, hey,
don't beat it up, dude.
Gently touch it.
‐New York strip and fries, yes?
‐Heard!
Walk to the window,
walk to the window.
‐Walk to the window,
‐We have New Yorks.
Steak's right behind
to the right, Chef.
♪ ♪
Kevin, they're not even hot.
Touch them, they're...
[bleep]
(indistinct shouting)
In the [bleep] pan!
There's a pan smoking there!
Why is he so cute
when he yells?
'Cause he's British.
I'm not throwing out
cold [bleep] food, guys!
Instead of using me
as a utility
that can help him out,
it's more like
"I'm just gonna do it.
Just get the [bleep]
out of the way."
All right, man.
You want to turn that bad boy
down a little bit?
NARRATOR: While Kevin chooses
to fly solo on the meat station,
back in the red kitchen,
Chris is hoping to put
the pork disaster behind him.
Where's the pork?
‐Where's the‐‐the pork‐‐
‐The pork is right here!
[bleep] hell.
♪ ♪
‐Let's go.
‐There you go, baby.
There you go.
Nice! Thank you very much.
Let's go‐‐one beef, one salmon,
one halibut, one New York strip.
ALL: Yes, Chef!
‐How long on the halibut?
‐One halibut.
‐Minute and a half.
‐Let's go.
New York strip, fries.
KANAE: Can I slice
beef Wellington?
SCOTLEY: She's asking about
the beef Wellingtons.
Can I slice beef Wellington?
Do not, do not, do not.
Wait, we should be
walking right now.
Y'all are killing
my meats, man.
In this brigade system,
we need to be in sync,
because if he's off
on his times,
that's gonna [bleep] me.
What are we actually
waiting on?
I need two and half minutes
on salmon halibut, please.
It was just 90 seconds.
Please let me know when you're
planning on walking it
as well, please.
I'm ready to walk!
None of my fish are up here.
You don't see my fish
on a sizzle pan,
why are you walking?
So Chef thinks that you're
on time and I'm behind?
‐[bleep]
‐Walking behind.
‐You're walking fish.
‐Ten seconds, please.
♪ ♪
All of you come down here.
Let's play
"guess the temperature."
Don't touch it.
Guess it, just with your eyes.
‐Medium well.
GORDON: Medium well.
‐Over, it doesn't‐‐
‐Overdone.
Little wave too, as well.
‐And?
BOTH: Medium well, Chef.
Can I have a [bleep] steak
cooked properly?
MOTTO:
Come the [bleep] on, dude.
I'm trying really hard
to be on point
with all of my food.
It sucks when it's being
brought down by someone else.
♪ ♪
Behind you.
Good. Go.
NARRATOR: While the Red Team
works through
their timing issues,
Chef Ramsay is still waiting on
season six runner‐up Kevin...
New York strip.
NARRATOR: To get it together
in the blue kitchen.
‐Come on, Kevin!
‐Right behind.
Right behind, right behind.
‐In front, Chef.
‐[bleep] hell.
♪ ♪
Go.
Mmm, so tender.
One beef, one lamb,
one halibut, one salmon.
ALL: Yes, Chef!
‐Put stuff into it.
I feel like all
the right components
of a great team are here.
We just need to get
back on track.
Right behind.
♪ ♪
‐Hey, Blue Team.
‐Chef.
Kevin and Trevor, would you
step down here a minute?
‐Yeah, what is that?
‐It's overcooked lamb, Chef.
Who cooked this?
We did.
We did?
Ah, [bleep] hell.
KEVIN: Trevor, what are
you talking about?
Don't say [bleep]
that ain't true.
Lamb, guys.
I have a lamb right now.
Right now, we have it.
♪ ♪
[bleep] hell.
Stop. Blue Team, come here.
Let's go, let's go, let's go.
[bleep] Not looking forward
to this one.
♪ ♪
(exciting music)
NARRATOR: It has been
a rough service
in the veterans' kitchen.
[bleep] hell.
Stop. Blue Team, come here.
Let's go, let's go, let's go.
NARRATOR: And Kevin's
inconsistency
on the meat station has
their celebrity guests
wondering if this
is the final curtain.
‐Where did everybody go?
‐What's going on?
‐I don't know.
What is happening?
We are [bleep] slow.
That's over‐medium to well,
and this one's raw
in the middle.
I don't know what the [bleep]
is going on.
I just need some [bleep]
in here, quickly.
[pans clang]
‐And I mean [bleep] quickly.
‐Yes, Chef.
‐Hurry up, guys, let's go.
HEATHER: Before tonight, I was
comfortable working with Kevin.
I thought no matter
where we would put him,
he would be great.
Not so much at this point.
I got it, I got it.
I know, I just need
more [inaudible].
I got it. I got it.
Just [bleep] let it be, man.
All right, okay.
Sorry, Kevin.
If I'm gonna go down,
let me go down.
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm trying
to help you out, [bleep].
All right, it's ready.
‐Let me know when‐‐
‐We're ready to go.
Double‐check it just
to make sure, Kevin.
There we go.
Third time, lucky.
♪ ♪
The lamb's [bleep] raw.
Again?
HEATHER: Oh, my God.
Overcooked, undercooked...
raw.
What‐‐what‐‐
what is happening?
(somber music)
What is happening, guys?
'Cause it's [bleep] not right.
Oh, [bleep] hell.
Not even getting
an answer now.
(sighs)
Never had a seriously bad night
in Hell's Kitchen... ever.
But tonight was pretty bad.
I got a lamb here.
NARRATOR: With Chef Ramsay
shepherding
the Blue Team's lamb...
Come on, guys,
finish strong, please.
Send that, please.
NARRATOR: The kitchens
are now finishing off
the last few tickets
of the night.
(indistinct)
41 and 51, desserts.
51, 41 desserts, Chef.
CHRISTINA: Finish strong, guys.
Come on, finish strong.
Come on, guys, push it, okay?
We got it.
The merengue's
absolutely perfect.
Yeah, it's really good.
(solemn music)
You guys were in oblivion
this evening.
Oblivion.
There were so many
careless errors
in both kitchens.
I actually felt
we went backwards.
So it's very difficult for me
to decide which team
was worse, but here's
my decision.
The losing team tonight is...
♪ ♪
The Blue Team.
And the Red Team.
I need both teams to head
into the dorms
and come back with two nominees
for elimination.
Get out of here.
ALL: Yes, Chef.
♪ ♪
Let's just cut to the chase.
The meats were the issue, right?
Meats was the issue.
That's the station.
Then it's got to be you
and Kev‐‐and Trev, yeah?
Yeah.
There's no need to discuss
anything else.
I didn't pull my weight tonight.
I'll stand up for
responsibility.
That's what you're
supposed to do.
We were on meats,
and we were a team.
Done and done.
We got lucky, and there was
a worse performance
over on the Red Team.
And Kevin and I
can squeak by
with this not pristine service.
I don't want to talk
about this anymore.
‐All right, we're done.
‐It is what it is
‐Cool, yeah.
‐Yep.
I want to say Chris,
'cause everybody thought
that you didn't know
what time it was.
You were never asserting when,
not one time.
Anytime I needed
that extra time,
I said the time that I needed.
Every time.
I was so communicative tonight.
No one else was.
No one [bleep]
said a word back.
That pork chop, that's what
[bleep] threw me under.
I'm gonna go with
Chris and Scotley.
You tell me, you know,
"You're too snappy."
‐And I‐‐
‐You are.
I man up to it when I'm wrong.
You said, oh, I always
cut you off.
You just cut me off, just now.
You just did.
That's why I'm nominating you.
Gizzy, Chef Ramsay was pissed
about that tableside.
And I think that's
one of the reasons
why we lost tonight, too.
Why you guys didn't
say anything?
Do you think that if we knew
you had a tableside,
we would've just let you
be in the kitchen?
It doesn't really [bleep]
matter what they say.
I think what matters is what
Chef Ramsay thinks.
And if he wants me to be her,
then I'll stay.
And I really hope that's‐‐
that's the case, because I don't
want that one silly mistake
to send me home.
♪ ♪
(exhales)
(suspenseful music)
♪ ♪
NARRATOR: After an abysmal
dinner service
by both the rookies
and the veterans,
Chef Ramsay has
asked each team
to nominate two members
for elimination.
Bret, Blue Team's first
nomination and why.
First nomination is, uh,
Kevin, Chef,
based on tonight's performance,
uh, leading the meat station.
Uh, station went down hard.
Okay, Blue Team's second
nomination and why.
Uh, Trevor, Chef, being that
they were working as a pair.
Seemed to be our most disastrous
station this evening.
♪ ♪
Scotley, Red Team's first
nomination and why.
First nomination is...
♪ ♪
Chris, Chef.
He got bombarded with
a lot of fish orders,
and it kind of frazzled him.
Red Team's second nominee
and why.
♪ ♪
Second one is Gizzy
because she was the first one
to lead
with apps on tableside,
and felt like the ball
was dropped on that part.
Okay, Trevor, Kevin.
Gizzy, Chris, step forward.
♪ ♪
Gizzy...
do you think you're
the weakest chef on your team?
No, Chef.
Who is, then?
I believe that Chris
is the weakest individual.
‐Chris is?
‐Yes.
‐Chris.
‐Yes, Chef?
If you're not the weakest
in your team, who is?
I would say Mia, Chef.
GORDON: Mia.
Why?
You need to be able to lead,
and she doesn't lead.
She demands.
She demands things.
♪ ♪
‐Trevor.
‐Yes, Chef?
What did you do tonight?
♪ ♪
Worked the meats with Kevin.
What did you actually cook?
Physically?
♪ ♪
‐Nothing.
‐Kevin, bad service, right?
‐Absolutely, Chef.
All I can say is,
I hit the ground running,
I dust it off,
and I move forward.
That's what leaders do,
pick up and go.
♪ ♪
My decision is...
Kevin.
Take your jacket off.
(whispering) Wow.
(tense music)
NARRATOR: After both teams
struggled through their
third dinner service,
Chef Ramsay has asked
both the rookies
and the veterans
to put up two people
for elimination.
Kevin, bad service, right?
Absolutely, Chef.
NARRATOR: Kevin, Trevor,
Gizzy, and Chris
were nominated by their teams.
All I can say is,
I hit the ground running,
I dust it off,
and I move forward.
That's what leaders do,
pick up and go.
♪ ♪
My decision is...
Kevin.
(gasps) Wow.
Take your jacket off.
♪ ♪
‐Kevin...
‐Yes, Chef.
You're going to the Red Team.
♪ ♪
Yes, Chef.
Gizzy.
What does "tableside" mean?
By the table, Chef.
That's right.
Give me your jacket.
♪ ♪
I expected more from you.
You know that.
I expected more
from myself, Chef.
Yeah, well...
let's see how you do
in the Blue Team.
(exhales)
Get over there.
Thank you, Chef.
♪ ♪
Trevor.
Give me your jacket, young man.
♪ ♪
Get yourself in the Red Team.
Chris, [bleep] night tonight.
Yes, Chef.
♪ ♪
Last chance. Red Team.
‐Back in line.
‐Yes, Chef.
♪ ♪
Mia and Kanae,
take off your jackets.
You're going to the Blue Team.
Bret, take off your jacket.
You're going to the Red Team.
Yes, Chef.
♪ ♪
Rookies versus veterans...
forget it.
The experiment is over.
With both teams not performing,
I need to change the chemistry
in both kitchens.
It's now men versus women.
Now do me a big favor.
[bleep] off, will you?
ALL: Yes, Chef.
MIA: I'm so excited
I'm off of Scotley's team.
I feel like this guy
is gonna end up
digging his own grave.
I think this change
is a good thing.
(overlapping chatter)
It's back to basics.
Guys versus girls.
We'll see what happens.
Chef Ramsay, I'm very sorry
for letting you down.
But I feel like you
believe in me.
And I'm gonna take
this new opportunity
and really use it
to my advantage,
and I will show you.
I will show you that
I'm meant to be here.
GORDON: Rookies, veterans...
the only title I
really care about
is Executive Chef.
It's time to see
who will lead
and who will follow.
NARRATOR: Next time
on "Hell's Kitchen"...
(screams)
It's an all new
House of Horrors.
Oh, my God!
NARRATOR:
And the terrifying new teams..
Welcome, girls.
NARRATOR: Are scaring up drama.
Never at a loss for words.
Right now, I'm a little, huh?
NARRATOR: Will one
rookie's nerves...
She's a little nervous.
NARRATOR: Create a descent
into madness?
WOMAN: It's a murder scene
over here.
More?
She cuts it again.
Then she's just slaughtering
these Wellingtons.
NARRATOR: And in
an all‐out bloodbath...
GORDON: She's crazy!
Tell her to stop doing it!
NARRATOR: And will one vetern
torture a rookie
just for the fun of it?
[bleep] watch your pans
and tell us.
Talk to us.
(laughing)
NARRATOR: It's all next time...
GORDON: Are you trying
to be funny?
NARRATOR:
On a frightening episode...
(distorted voice) Oh, God.
NARRATOR: Of "Hell's Kitchen."